You know, people love RStudio, they love the IDE, they love our pro products, and it's
been really tough working through the rebrand of RStudio, worrying that R users would get
the message that, like, we don't believe in R anymore.
And that's absolutely not the case.
Like, Posit! is not about, like, pivoting from R to Python, it's about broadening and
embracing the Python community as well as the R community.
So I think that's my big message for the R community, is, like, we still 100% believe
in R, I think it is just a fantastic environment for doing interactive data science, and we're
going to continue to invest in it.
But what I hope we can bring to the Python ecosystem is some of the sort of, like, beautiful
end-to-end orchestration that we've provided the R community, where things just work.
And I think that is, you know, very, you know, broadly what we want with all of our open
source products, with all of our pro products, that you try something and it just works first
time, and that it's just such a joyful experience.